emotions are feelings are never
missed in over one hundred years of history
of the national team
just a letter of the alphabet for
evoke countless memories all
Italian fans
the first thought that suggests the
letter a can not be blue
the color that identifies today
practically all Italian sport
the first discipline to adopt it was the
soccer over a hundred years ago was the 6th
January 1911 date of the friendly match
between Italy and Hungary with 37 fights
direct
the one with Austria is one of the
historical rivalries only with the
switzerland italy has played a number
greater than memorable games successes
in the semifinals of the 34th World Cup
in the final of the Olympic Games of
berlin in 1936
more recent but also more felt is the
rivalry with Argentina especially for
the joke of destiny that he puts of
facing the two national teams in five
consecutive editions of the world championships
joys and sorrows for the blues
unforgettable victory of spain 82
but also the defeat in the semifinal
90 of Italy on penalties
a ko that still burns a symbol of
Florentine football and world champion
in 1982 giancarlo antognoni is one of the
20 players with more appearances in
absolute in blue shirt
well 73 other world champion
alessandro altobelli is sixth best
marker in the history of the national team
with 25 goals one of which is made
right in the madrid final
another protagonist of the Italian history
and demetrio albertini vice champion of the
world and of Europe that after the 79 presences
but the Azzurri in the withdrawal stands out
also in the role of vice - president of
the football club president is instead
giancarlo fir that already head of delegation
to the blue triumph of Germany 2006 is
elected number one of the federation
Italian soccer game in April 2nd of
2007 then obtaining reconfirmation for a
second term
on January 14th 2013 sweet memories
they are linked to amsterdam in the capital
dutch italy wins bronze
at the 1928 Olympics but above all
wins one of the most exciting races
of its history the semi-final of the
European countries in 2000
against the match hosts that
breaks the so-called curse of gods
rigors of the 90s talking about races
memorable you can't not go back to
Aztec stadium for the game of the century
d'italia germany semi-final of the
1970 World Cup Mexican Victory 4 a
3 for the Azzurri with a historic one
exciting swing of 5 goals over time
additional
these are our blue memories
related to the letter
to you, instead, it brings to mind